---
title:  "[2] Neuroimaging research on human visual perception and action – Postdoctoral Fellow"
group: PD-job2
---

### About the position 
Posted: *2023, July*


<br>
We invite applications for a Postdoctoral Fellow (PDF) with particular interests in multimodal neuroimaging studies on human visuomotor behaviours. The successful candidate will work on interdisciplinary projects led by Dr. Hee-Yeon Im (UBC Psychology), focusing on: 

  - Cognitive and motor processes underlying goal-directed movements in distracting and collaborative work environments (e.g., construction sites)
  - The human ability to learn new cognitive and motor skills to coordinate with robot collaborators
  - Behavioural and neural predictors of human errors (e.g., lapses, falls, misses, etc.)

Due to the interdisciplinary nature of the projects, the successful candidate will closely work with research teams from multiple departments, including Civil (Drs. Zhengbo Zou, Omar Swei, and
Qian Chen), Biomedical (Dr. Calvin Kuo), and Mechanical Engineering (Dr. Kefei Wen and Lyndia Wu) as well as Computer Science (Dr. Helge Rhodin). This position is for one year, renewable for a second year. Preferred start dates are September-October, 2023.
The salary is $52,000 per year plus benefits. 

### Responsbilities and Opportunities 

Responsibilities include: 
1. contributing to new study designs and implementation;
2. collecting behavioural, neural, and biophysiological data; 
3. leading
teamwork; 
4. mentoring students; and 
5. engaging in the dissemination of findings. 

The candidate will be supported to actively work on their publication record and present findings at international conferences. They will also have various opportunities for professional development
and networking with academic and industrial collaborators. Our cross-department research team is also deeply committed to providing trainees in different career stages with robust and tailored professional development programs, partnering with professional
consultants (e.g., Hikma Strategies). We have access to excellent resources for conducting neuroscience research with real-world applications, including MEG, fMRI, EEG combined with fNIRS, eye-tracker, as well as virtual/augmented reality, biosensing and motion
capture set-ups. 


### Qualifications

  - A Ph.D. in Psychology, Neuroscience, Cognitive Science, Biomedical Engineering, Kinesiology, or Health sciences and strong quantitative and analytic skills. 
  - Proficiency in programming languages (e.g., Matlab and Python). 
  - Ability to work collaboratively on multidisciplinary projects and independently with excellent problem-solving and people skills.-
  - Strong writing skills, including experience publishing academic journal articles and conference proceedings.
  - Experience in human neurophysiological recording (e.g., MEG/EEG) and/or brain imaging (e.g., fMRI) is desired.


Equity and diversity are essential to academic excellence. An open and diverse community fosters the inclusion of voices that have been underrepresented or discouraged. We encourage applications from members of groups that have been marginalized on any grounds enumerated under the B.C. Human Rights Code, including sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, racialization, disability, political belief, religion, marital or family status, age, and/or status as a First Nation, Metis, Inuit, or Indigenous person.


UBC hires based on merit and is committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority.


<br>
To apply, please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, contact details of two referees, and date of availability to Hee Yeon Im (heeyeon.im@ubc.ca). Review of applications will continue until the position is filled. 