---
title: "[1] Multimodal neuroimaging research on human visuomotor behaviours in real-world settings – Postdoctoral Fellow"
group: PD-job1
---
This post-doctoral position is for neuroimaging research on human visuomotor behaviours in real-world environments at the IMM Lab. 

### About the position 
*2023, June 16*

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We invite applications for a Postdoctoral Fellow (PDF) with particular interests in neuroimaging studies (fMRI and MEG) on visual perception and action in humans. The successful candidate will
work on research projects led by Dr. Hee-Yeon Im (UBC Psychology) and Dr. Deborah Giaschi (UBC Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences), focusing on:

  - Neural correlates of visual perception (e.g., motion, depth, faces) and visually-guided action in adults and in children with typical or neurodivergent development (e.g., amblyopia or dyslexia)
  - Integrating task-based and resting-state fMRI for transdiagnostic investigation in pediatric populations
  - Developing and using new approaches to combining task-based fMRI and MEG.

This position is for one year, with the possibility of renewal for a second year. Preferred start date is September-October, 2023. The salary is $52,000 per year plus benefits.


### Responsibilities and Opportunities: 

Responsibilities include: 
1. contributing to new study design and implementation; 
2. collecting and analyzing behavioural and neural data; 
3. leading teamwork; 
4. mentoring students; and 
5. engaging in the dissemination of findings. 


The candidate will be supported to actively work on their publication record and present findings at international conferences. They will also have various opportunities for professional development
and networking with academic collaborators. They will have access to excellent resources for conducting neuroscience research, including MEG, fMRI, and eye and hand motion trackers. The candidate will also have opportunities to expand their learning and networking
through the UBC Research Excellence Cluster in Vision and BC Children's Hospital Research Institute. 

### Qualifications and Experience

  - A Ph.D. in Psychology, Neuroscience, Vision Science, Cognitive Science or a related field
  - Proficiency in programming languages (e.g., Matlab and Python) and strong quantitative and analytic skills.
  - Ability to work collaboratively on multidisciplinary projects and independently with excellent problem-solving and people skills.
  - Strong writing skills, including experience publishing academic journal articles and conference proceedings.
  - Experience in functional MRI with human participants (preferably children).


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Equity and diversity are essential to academic excellence. An open and diverse community fosters the inclusion of voices that have been underrepresented or discouraged. We encourage applications from members of groups that have been marginalized on any grounds enumerated under the B.C. Human Rights Code, including sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, racialization, disability, political belief, religion, marital or family status, age, and/or status as a First Nation, Metis, Inuit, or Indigenous person.


UBC hires based on merit and is committed to employment equity. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority.



To apply, please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, contact details of two referees, and date of availability to Hee Yeon Im (heeyeon.im@ubc.ca). Review of applications will continue until the position is filled.



